DBN article addition (#3)
SigmoidAI/articles: DBN_article/DBN_article.md

Reviewer: Make sure to also add the README.md for your article

practice to divide Machine Learning models into discriminative 
and generative ones. As it might me concluded from the names, 
discriminative models aim to separate data points into different 
classes, while generative ones – to generate data points. 
Generative models are usually used in unsupervised learning 
problems as they are trained on inputs without their labels. 
DBNs, that will be discussed today, are a type of deep learning 
architecture that combine neural networks and unsupervised 
learning.

<div style="text-align: center">
    <img src="dbn_1.jpg" alt="Fast_Learning" style="width:300px;"/>
</div>

## What are Deep Belief Networks (DBNs)?

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Deep Belief Network is a deep learning architecture, composed of 
layers of Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBMs), which are trained 
in an unsupervised manner. \
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A Restricted Boltzmann Machines is a generative unsupervised 
model used for feature selection and feature reduction technique, 
for dimensionality reduction, classification, regression, and 
other tasks in Machine Learning and Deep Learning. It is 
learning on a probability distribution on a certain dataset 

> and used the learnt distribution to come up with conclusions an 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and uses the learnt distribution to come up with conclusions on 
```

unexplored data. A typical RBM architecture is represented below 
(where h represents hidden nodes and v – visible nodes). \

<div style="text-align: center">
    <img src="dbn_2.png" alt="RBM architecture" style="width:400px;"/>
</div>

> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Coming back to DBNs, all RBMs it consists of, are trained in an 

Reviewer: The phrase "all RBMs it consist of" confuses me a bit, could you elaborate around it?

Reviewer: I understand the idea that DBNs are basically a lot of RBMs but in this formulation it created uncertainty for me

is used either in classification or regression tasks, making the 
general DBN architecture look like the one represented below. 
The prior reason that lead to the appearance of DBNs is to create 
unbiased values stored in leaf nodes and to avoid being stuck in 
the local minima. 

<div style="text-align: center">
    <img src="dbn_3.jpg" alt="DBN architecture" style="width:400px;"/>
</div>

## DBNs overview

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;However, besides the Standard DBNs described earlier, there might be 
distinguished several extensions that incorporate different 
structures and components. Therefore, the following are the most 
notorious variations of DBNs:
* Convolutional Deep Belief Networks (ConvDBNs) – in addition to RBMs, 
incorporates convolutional layers;
* Temporal Deep Belief Networks (Temporal DBNs) – extended Standard DBN 
to model sequential and time-series data, incorporating 
recurrent connections or temporal dependencies between layers;
* Variational Deep Belief Networks (VDBNs) – use a probabilistic 
modeling technique, variational interface, in DBMs, making 
multiple layers of hidden units fully connected between 
consecutive layers;

> * *Stacked Autoencoders -  although not a DBN in the traditional 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Stacked Autoencoders -  although not a DBN in the traditional 
```

sense, when multiple autoencoders are stacked, they form a deep 
architecture that shares a considerate amount of similarities 
with Deep Belief Networks.

## Math base
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Despite the diversity of the existing DBNs, it shouldn’t be 
forgotten the fact that all of the share similar “roots”. 
Recall that DBN is a network assembled out of many single 
networks. Except the first and last layers, others play dual 
role serving at the same time as hidden layers that comes before 
and as input for the following one [1] . The joint distribution 
between the observed vector X and the hidden layers hk may be 
expressed using the formula: \

<div style="text-align: center">
    <img src="dbn_4.png" alt="Base formula" style="width:350px;"/>
</div>

, where:
* X = h_0,
* P(h<sup>k</sup>|h<sup>k+1</sup>) – a conditional distribution for the visible units 
conditioned on the hidden units of the RBM at level k,

> * P(h<sup>l-1</sup>, h<sup>l</sup>) – visible-hidden joint distribution in the top-level RBM.

Reviewer: Please make sure to use latex for the explanation of each parameter

Author: What do you mean by using Latex here? Do you expect a certain structure or form to be achieved?

Reviewer: I meant the formulas and the variable should be in Latex to keep the same format everywhere

## DBNs Training

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Before training a DBN, it is necessary to remember that every 
individual RBM should be trained. To keep it brief, the 

> next steps need to be gone through to train the described model:

Reviewer: The following explanation sounds really short and concise could maybe add an implementation example around it as well

effective as its newest aliases due to a considerable set of 
drawbacks, such as:

* high hardware requirements;
* complex data model that is difficult to train;
* difficult to use by unexperienced people;
* requires of a huge amount of data for a good performance;
* requires classifiers to grasp the output.

## Conclusion

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;To summarize everything up, Deep Belief Network is an 
early-deep-learning-days architecture, composed of multiple 
Restricted Boltzmann Machines, aimed to perform classification, 
clustering and generation tasks. Due to the presence of RBMs, 
trained once at a time, it uses Greedy Algorithm to train each 
layer until all RBM are trained and the output can be passed to 
supervised learning model. Although it is quite old, it still 
has its fields of applicability where it performs considerable 
better than other known algorithms, that being one of the reasons 
to know about its existence. Not the last, it is just an awesome 
algorithm with a unique architecture that might bring you fun 
while diving in!

<div style="text-align: center">
    <img src="dbn_6.jpg" alt="Closing image" style="width:500px;"/>
</div>

> ## References

Reviewer: I would love to see more resources that you utilized or maybe that you could also add
